## Hack the North Frontend Challenge 2020

I had a lot of fun working on this frontend project! While I've done a few react side projects before, this was really the first time
working on a project with slightly more complicated requirements, and I had a lot of fun exploring new tools.

First, I planned out the structure by drawing out a quick sketch of how I envisioned the application, and how each component would
fit into it. I wanted to make sure that the code didn't balloon too much, so I factored out components as much as I could. One big issue
I ran into for the project was whenever I used a new technology that I hadn't used before, or wasn't as familiar with, I would spend a longer than expected time learning or reviewing that new tool. (In hindsight, starting on redux-persist during the late stages of the project was probably a bad idea, and could have been better used in cleaning up the existing project, i.e. cleaning up the interface and making improvements to the CSS in general) However, I'm glad I was able to figure out redux-persist in the end, and managed to get it working in the app.

Given additional time, I would definitely work on cleaning up CSS and theming the entire application before adding any more functionality. Personally, I overestimated my abilities, and took on some of the bonus tasks earlier on and focused on implementing those, when I probably should have focused on fixing the CSS of the existing project. The project currently is using bootstrap, but is definitely not as responsive as it could be, and I did not do extensive testing on different browsers and devices, which I would have liked to have done. In addition, I would like to explore using react-routers as well, and add additional pages to the application (perhaps an admin-only section where you could edit user information). I would also have liked to connect the frontend with a node backend, so that the frontend could make use of better user auth and cookies instead of a hard-coded value for authentication. Overall, this project was quite open-ended, and there is definitely a lot of room to explore and develop this project further!
